[SWISH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Here is a
quote from former CIA director
William Casey.
"We'll know our disinformation
program is complete
when everything the American
public believes is false."
Casey is said to have made
this comment according
to Barbara Honegger, who was
in the room as a Reagan White
House policy analyst
back in February of 1981.
An email from her to a colleague
confirmed this quote in 2014.
So as far as we know,
this quote is true.
And it's devastating.
We are there now.
This COVID social, economic,
and physical crisis
has created such division
that families and friends are
parting ways.
To begin healing
the societal gulf,
I have Jean Slatter
with us today
to help us begin to dig
into our own deeper truth.
Welcome, Jean.
Normally we'd have
kind of fun little sort
of girly conversations
around all
of this and divination and our
Tarot cards out and all that.
That's not what we're doing now.
And I've invited you on
because there's been--
to me, this is the
most critical time
I've ever seen for
people absolutely
having to start
determining what truth is.
I mean, we know
truth is subjective,
but our higher
selves do know truth
and can tap into
the quantum field.
And this is going to
bring up a lot of topics,
because the quantum field is
kind of messed up right now.
[LAUGH]
Right?
>>JEAN SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: And we've seen this.
We live in Placer County.
We're in an area
that's pretty open,
didn't have a lot of
COVID cases to begin with
and is open when other
places are closed.
And people are pretty
relaxed about it,
and it's not creating
tremendous amount of fear.
Other than people who
have lost work and may not
get that work back, we're
in this grace period
right now, right?
But we're still seeing people
kind of go at each other.
>>SLATTER: And the
reason is because people
are choosing a side, right?
They're becoming very polarized.
So when we're in an intense
period like we are right now
and information is being
thrown at us in a way that
is completely overwhelming,
the most important thing
is to remain open.
Have some humility that
says, wait a minute.
I may not know everything
that's going on,
and I'm allowing
myself to be flexible.
I'm allowing the
information to reveal itself
without getting fixated on a
particular thought and an idea
and an ideology.
We see this on a national level.
And what's happened is that
they've locked into something,
and now what they're doing
is totally justifying
the original idea that they
came up with rather than going
with the flow and seeing how
new information is coming in
and how it could be modified.
And the same thing happens on
a personal level where we are
seeing that our friends
and families have locked
into a personal-- and
to one particular idea,
and then won't veer from that
no matter what new information--
>>REGINA: Even if new
evidence has been introduced,
it's like the fear
is creating these--
something to cling to.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Something to cling to.
So when we're exposed to
something new, like none of us
have ever been through
something like this before.
When you're exposed
to something new,
remain humble enough to say, OK.
I can allow new information
in, and I can be flexible.
My brother was telling me
a story of the local app
in our area, Nextdoor.
And someone had posted
a video of doctors
talking about their
experience in their hospital.
And it was very
different from what
the viewpoint is that we're
hearing from the government.
And he could not believe
the amount of hate responses
that came after that.
It was vicious, he said.
And he felt sorry for
the person that wrote it.
And so he started
to respond and say,
well, the most
important thing is
that we all have our
freedom of speech
and we get to present ideas.
And before he could even hit
Enter, the post was removed.
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Oh my god, yeah.
No, this is being--
I mean, this is even
more frustrating
as people try to write what
they feel is their truth.
We're being censored.
This is very obvious now.
Everybody knows posts
are being pulled down.
Films, interviews
are being pulled down
if they don't have the
right point of view, right?
So you know, as
we look at this--
I mean, this morning,
Zeus and I were talking
about this, my husband Zeus.
And he's doing so much research
on all of these topics,
and stumbled across something,
a stat, and thought, oh my god.
Now here's a whole
other rabbit hole
to dive down, and have
to let go of everything
we believe to be
true about this.
Because in truth, this
is the weird thing
about this phenomena.
All of the above
have truth in it.
You talk to a
doctor in one area.
Hospitals are empty.
No cases of anything.
Talk to a doctor
in central London,
they're coming home crying
because all these people are
on respirators or they're dying.
They lose all their
patients in a shift
and they can't take the stress.
You go somewhere else,
it's like where we are.
Totally chill.
Life is normal.
People are riding their bikes
and families are out together.
All of the above.
We're having a hard
time processing
that all of the
above can be true,
depending on where you are and
what's going on in your area.
But this was the thing
that came up this morning.
Please, don't take this to mean
anything more than just what
I'm saying, indicating
that among the people who
appear to be somewhat less
vulnerable to the upper
respiratory infection part
of this or the clogging
with the mucus were smokers.
And it's like, what?
And so we're talking about
it, because we have not
gone into the research yet.
But talk about, again,
having to shift your mind,
everything we've been told
about smoking and smokers.
Yet it appears there's
something that nicotine does
to either open up the blood--
what do you call it?
The circulation
which gives people
that high that might be
affecting this on some--
And so how do you get your
mind around these things?
How can we start
looking for real truth
and acknowledge that all
of the above may be true?
Our minds don't work like
that when we're in fear.
>>SLATTER: No, they don't.
Yeah.
And what we're hearing from
the high levels of government
and from Fauci and--
>>REGINA: Oh my gosh.
I have that in here.
It's like, you've got to
get a vaccine tomorrow.
Oh, there are no regulations
over the vaccine industry.
Oh, we're rushing one to market.
Then medicine says, no.
You can't do that.
It takes anywhere from
18 months to 10 years
to really make a
vaccine properly.
And everyone's like,
ah, I don't want to die.
I don't want my father to die.
I have never seen such
mass freaking out globally
in my entire life, because
no one knows what's true.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: You really have to
spend a lot of time digging.
>>SLATTER: We don't
know what's true.
Everything's new.
We've got to stay
open and flexible.
But I also want to
bring up something here
that I see as a pattern.
And I think it's appropriate
to have our radar out
for a pattern like this.
This is very near
and dear to my heart,
because I experienced this, as
I've mentioned before with you,
that I grew up in a church
that I consider a cult.
And one of the reasons
that I consider it a cult
is because they had
extreme mind control.
And if they had told us
to drink the Kool-Aid,
we would have done it, right?
Now the way that a cult
leader does this and keeps
control of his congregation
is to, one, they offer safety.
You are the chosen ones.
If you stay here--
>>REGINA: Stay with me.
Hang with me.
>>SLATTER: --you will be safe
and your salvation is assured.
OK?
They offer you safety.
And then on the flip
side, they present fear.
If you have doubt,
if you question,
if you dare to deviate
from what the doctrine is,
then your eternal
damnation is assured, OK?
So you've got safety.
You've got damnation.
OK.
What are you got to choose?
So what you do is you
stay within that paradigm
and whatever that belief
and dogma system is.
Well, that's what I
see happening here.
I see that pattern in what
the government is putting out
and what the censoring is--
the extent of the censoring.
Whenever anything
like that happens
and you see that pattern,
you have to ask yourself,
what don't they want us to know?
Because the one
thing that a cult
leader fears is when
the congregation
begins to question.
They begin to ask
their own questions
and think on their own
and begin to say, OK.
I can make up my own mind.
That they can't have.
What are we seeing
coming from the top down?
We're seeing extensive control.
You must think this way.
And if you think this
way, we'll keep you safe.
And if you don't, then
we're going to ridicule you.
We're going to shame you.
We're going to outcast you.
We're going to call
it disinformation.
And so you know,
you go into fear.
Like, I don't want
to be one of those.
>>REGINA: It's a real
issue, because you're
talking about two strains.
You're talking about
science and junk science,
meaning you've got to look
at who funded the study,
and you have to look at the real
results, not the ones they've
published.
When it comes to this subject,
there's a ton of junk science
out there.
Then you can look behind
it at the real science.
Now that takes you in a
little different direction.
Then you look at our
fearless political leaders,
whatever side you're
on, that they're
the ones that if you can
attach to their truth,
you're going to
be safe by hanging
onto a political
position on this.
And now they've all
become conflated,
and it's the worst
jumble of flawed thinking
across the board
I have ever seen.
And now we're stuck.
>>SLATTER: And the last
thing they want you to do
is to question and
think on your own.
>>REGINA: Question everything.
That used to be the
motto of Conscious Media
Network, my old company.
Yeah.
OK.
So I want to read
another quote here.
We're going to go back in a
moment, because a lot of people
have been thrown into fear
economically and otherwise.
But also, the whole subject
of, is this science safe?
Are we going to have the
military come and vaccinate
us all?
Are they safe?
And Operation Warp Speed is--
that'll be passe soon.
But the whole notion of
Operation Warp Speed,
which is just throw some
stuff together in a bucket
and call it a vaccine.
People need to now
find their truth.
And I'm going to ask you
about this in a minute.
And educate themselves
and listen to their bodies
and what their body
has to say about
whether they're going to buy
into this or not buy into this.
It's an individual choice for
each person and their family.
But as far as the disinformation
comment you made at the top,
I want to read another comment
that was written to me.
And I've told you
about Jack Barsky,
and our audience knows I
interviewed him, a former KGB
spy.
I'm intrigued with the
way his mind works,
because he is accustomed
to looking behind things.
He doesn't see things
in a normal way
that we do with attachments.
It's all strategic, you know?
Watching information,
disinformation.
That was part of his
training and thinking.
And I said, what
is your perception
watching all of this happening,
playing out, especially
certain disinformation that I
consider disinformation sites,
clearly and obviously to me?
He said, "With regard to
disinformation, rumors,
falsehoods, lies, with the
advent of the internet,
we've lost the
battle for the truth.
This horse is out of the
barn, and you will not
be able to get it back in.
The sites you mention allow
smart, irresponsible mischief
makers to do what they do best.
The result is a
bizarre fantasy world
which is a hybrid of "Harry
Potter," "Star Wars,"
Minecraft, Godzilla, et cetera.
These are bright
people who are kept
prisoners in a virtual reality.
As this reality encroaches
on the real world,
it has the potential of
creating phenomenal damage."
And I think that's
what we're looking at.
And I don't usually
go out on a limb,
but I've been kind of outspoken
that I am not in alignment
with any sites that are
anonymous by nature such as Q.
I do not trust anonymous,
because here you
get some truthful
information, meaning
there's intelligence involved
like intelligence community.
Then you're getting
falsehoods, and you're
getting a totally skewed
perception in the big picture.
But they're giving
enough information
to make a person kind of hang in
there like you're on the inside
somehow.
>>SLATTER: I think on a
very deep, personal level,
you can get caught
in a rabbit hole that
will take you down
with it if you
are going in these directions.
Just like all the
information is going
in all different
directions, it will take you
in all different directions.
Maybe what's important
here is to zoom out.
To zoom out and take a much
broader picture of what
we as souls are doing here.
Because we incarnated here
at this time on purpose,
for a purpose.
We have great reason
for being here.
And you know, we may appear to
be x age here in this lifetime,
but who we truly are
is this immortal soul.
What is it that so appealed
to us about this time--
>>REGINA: To come here now.
>>SLATTER: At this time?
And so whether it is dealing
with this intensity of what's
going on right now or
the whole of our lives,
there's something
that we're here
to get from this
particular time frame.
And so if we zoom out,
the bigger question
that we're wanting
to ask ourself
is, what is our
soul interested in?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: We are not
separate from everything
that's going on here.
We are participants
in creating all of it.
We create consciousness.
Even if we're just
an observation,
we're still taking a role in it.
We're not ever passive
bystanders just somehow not
involved at all.
What we think matters.
What we do matters.
What we let occupy
our thoughts matters.
So the question is, what is
it that my soul, my higher
guidance finds
interesting about this?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Because this is a collectively
agreed upon experience
as a group of souls
who've incarnated
on Earth at this time.
Because I mean,
I have repeatedly
talked about the
beauty of this moment.
What happens when you have
everything ground to a halt
without having to have a
comet hit the planet, right?
People were in fear that a comet
was going to hit the planet.
All these different things.
What happens when it's
ground to a halt in a sense,
in a relatively-- and I don't
mean benign as an unimportant.
A relatively benign way.
And that it's not
the Black Plague.
You know, it's not taking
out half the population.
But it's still
something to look at.
And then when you look at all
the other elements behind it
that have to do with
deception, you've
got that part of
the game as well.
But nonetheless,
wherever it came from,
however it arrived here, and
whatever the effects are,
it stopped everything.
And maybe we've been
going on for lifetimes
in patterned thinking,
patterned desires.
And maybe now this
is stopping to break
these patterns,
because everything
has come to a stop for a
short, brief window of time
to re-evaluate, to think.
>>SLATTER: There's good
and bad and bad and good.
And what is it
that you're wanting
to put your attention
on, your focus on?
And your truth is something
that you get to choose.
We need to be empowered
with that idea.
It's not like truth is out
there and it's happening to us.
Because as you said,
there can be truth found
in every different perspective.
So now what is it
that is your choice?
And what is it as a soul you're
wanting to know the truth of?
You see, we're creators.
Creators of what?
We're creators of experience.
And why?
So that we can know
the truth of something.
That's why we incarnate here.
And if you look at the
definition of experience,
it is practical
knowledge derived
through direct participation.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: In other
words, you live it.
You live it.
So here we are, and we're
living a certain experience.
What is it that we're
wanting to know the truth of?
And so you get these people
that are exploring QAnon.
You get people that
are exploring--
>>REGINA: It's serving
something for each person.
>>SLATTER: For each person.
And they are finding
out something
about that that is
of interest to them.
And they may decide that that is
their truth or they may decide
it isn't.
And the point of it is that
all of us get to decide that.
If you feel victimized
by what's going on,
if you feel diminished,
if you feel disempowered,
then you're forgetting
who you really are,
and that you've actually
made a choice to be here
and to be participating in this.
And get back into your power
where you say, wait a minute.
What viewpoint do I want?
A gentleman was telling me
how this time has given him
the opportunity to
get to know his kids--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SLATTER: --that he never
would have had otherwise.
He's eating breakfast,
lunch, and dinner with them.
He's playing with them.
He's learning with them.
And he wakes up every morning
grateful for this time.
And I thought, how beautiful.
How beautiful.
>>REGINA: And
millions and millions
of people around the world,
if not billions are actually
experiencing this now.
So what is it we had
forgotten in ourselves
that made everything have
to come to a grinding halt?
And there's another
element of this too,
and this is the whole notion
throughout our history
that there are saviors.
OK?
That you've got white
hats in the more new age,
you know, conspiratorial
commentary.
White hats and black hats.
The reality is we're
complex beings.
These are complex agendas.
Everybody's running
their own agendas
for their own reasons,
which is kind of interesting
in and of itself.
But I have been saying recently,
there are no white hats.
We are the white hats.
Our truth is the white hat.
Our connection with one another
and our caring for one another.
If you want to put a
white hat on anything,
put a white hat on
cooperation and truth
and kindness and
caring and compassion.
There isn't anything
that's going to save us.
We now have to find our truth
and do it for ourselves.
And maybe we've had a
pattern for millennia
of looking to whatever it is.
Churches, governments,
institutions as our white hats,
and it's over.
>>SLATTER: And that's when we
empower ourselves and remember
who we truly are and
remember we have choice.
We always have choice.
We are not victims in this.
>>REGINA: We're not victims.
I agree with you in that.
Even though some people
have lost their lives.
People are going to-- we're
all going to lose our life.
And I don't say that
blithely, but we are all
going to lose our lives.
And maybe we're
learning something
about the patterns of people
who are losing their lives.
Maybe there's some
knowledge coming out
of that that can help serve
us in terms of taking back
our own immune
systems in the future,
because that's important
no matter what, right?
And you work in this area.
>>SLATTER: I sure do.
And boy, oh boy do
I ever hope that
is an end result from all this.
>>REGINA: I hope so too.
OK.
So where we sit right now,
pandemonium, confusion.
We've kind of gone
over that one.
Agenda, so forth.
But here we are
as people, and we
have to figure out this
story for ourselves.
So now you're also a
naturopathic health coach.
And so you have a lot
of different clients
you're working with.
Now let's say I'm a
client who comes in
with this one specific issue.
Oh my god, do I have to have a
vaccine so that I'll be safe,
for example.
And I'm not getting
political about it.
I'm saying, how would you begin
unwinding this for yourself
on a level of truth?
What kind of questions would
you begin asking of a client?
>>SLATTER: Mm, that's a
really great question.
Our bodies can inform us of our
own truth and the information
that we need.
So whatever's going
on around you,
start paying attention
to how your own body is
taking this information in
and how you're processing it.
Food is information, right?
And we know how food
affects our bodies.
Well, look at all the
information around us.
We take it in the same way.
>>REGINA: Are we
being encouraged?
Are we being enlightened?
Are we being repressed
and depressed?
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Yeah.
And all this
information coming in,
if you pay attention to how
it's affecting your body,
you can kind of tell
where it's being held
and what's being affected.
I personally had this
experience here recently
where I was doing
a lot of research
into some areas that were
really toxic, actually.
Some toxic information.
Well, what organ in the
body deals with toxins?
The liver.
And so what I noticed is I
was feeling very sluggish
and fatigued and heavy.
And those are all
symptoms of the liver.
What I started doing
then is supporting
my liver on the physical level
by taking liver cleansing
herbs and some B vitamins.
And within a day, my
energy shot back up.
So let's just talk about--
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Let's just talk about
the organs here.
>>REGINA: Using your body as
a divination device right now.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: So let me just run
through this really quick,
because if we use
food as an analogy,
I think it's going to be
very obvious to people
how this information
is affecting them.
So when we take in
food, the first thing it
goes is to the stomach, right?
And so if you find that you're
taking in information that you
cannot stomach, it makes
you sick to your stomach,
support your--
>>REGINA: Nausea
weighting over you.
>>SLATTER: Nausea.
Oh my gosh.
Take nutrients that
will support that.
Maybe some digestive enzymes
or some calming herbs.
Because you know, you cannot
run away from all this.
This is part of mass
consciousness right now,
and you're not going to be
able to run away from it.
>>REGINA: No, we're bathing
in a quantum field of it.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
So you might as well be able
to support your physical body
as you're bathing in it.
>>REGINA: Excellent point.
>>SLATTER: OK.
So next, it goes to
the small intestine.
What does the small
intestine do with food?
It sorts through the nutrients
and says, I can use this,
but I can't use that.
I can use this, but
I can't use that.
Well, it's the same thing we're
going to do with information.
And if you find yourself
where you're just
completely overwhelmed--
I can't sort through this.
I don't know what's true and
I don't know what isn't true.
I don't know what I can
use and what I can't use.
Then you're going to want to
support your small intestine
by taking herbs that
support that, and maybe even
probiotics.
That would be very helpful.
And prebiotics.
And then you get into
the large intestine.
The large intestine's
all about, what
do I need to let go of, right?
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: I'm done with this.
This is garbage.
Let's get this out.
And we need to be
able to discern that.
And if you find that
your bowels are affected
and you're either letting go
too soon or you're constipated
and holding on, support
that, because information
is affecting you in
the intestinal area.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Next we go to the
liver like what I explained.
Now another thing about
the liver besides detoxing
is the liver makes decisions.
It's the one that says, OK.
I've gotten all the
information I need,
and now I know what
to do, and now I
know how to make a choice.
And if you find that you're
just waffling back and forth
and you don't know what to do--
>>REGINA: Well, because
I had talked to you
a couple months ago on a
private level and you said,
I just don't even know
what to believe anymore.
Just were throwing
your hands up in--
>>SLATTER: My liver
was so out of balance.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so
that's where you were,
and that's how you made this
discovery, which I think
all of this is so brilliant.
Go ahead.
>>SLATTER: So we
go to the liver.
Next, we go to the pancreas.
A lot of people are being
affected in their pancreas
by what's going on.
Pancreas is about self-esteem
and about the sweet things
in life.
And so what they're finding is
they're just craving desserts
like crazy.
>>REGINA: Oh my god.
You know, all these sites
like King Arthur Flour,
they're sold out of more
than half their products.
Anything that has to do with
carbohydrates, everything
seems to be in short supply now.
Flours, basic
yeast, basic stuff.
And you're saying to
get the sweetness back.
>>SLATTER: We want
the sweetness of life.
And so what you're
going to want to do
is support that by finding--
being with your
friends, laughing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Doing things that
are the sweetness of life,
and looking for beauty.
If you had been one
that posted something,
had the courage
to post something,
then got blasted
for it, that's going
to go right to your pancreas
and affect your self-esteem.
And so support that
by doing something
on the flipside of that
that's very beautiful
and brings sweetness
of life and gentleness.
Your spleen.
What an interesting organ.
The spleen is about
feeling overly sympathetic.
Now empaths and caretakers
are extremely affected
by their spleen energy, and
it's usually out of balance.
>>REGINA: How does that
express itself in the body?
>>SLATTER: Oh my gosh.
What they tend to do is they
tend to take their spleen chi
and take it out and say, I
feel so sorry for these people.
Let me bring that
energy in and try
to fix it, which totally
overwhelms their own system
and exhausts them.
I had a client one time
that her spleen energy
was off the charts.
It was so overstimulated.
And I said, are you
really concerned
and worry about people?
And she says, oh my god.
Every night I go to bed and
I pray to god, please give me
the strength to help my
daughter and to help my family
and to help heal this person
and help heal that person.
And I looked at her and I said,
get yourself out of that role.
God can handle that himself.
You don't need to be doing that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: And so
just ask God to do it.
And the next time she came
in, it was unbelievable,
the difference in her.
Just simply knowing
that, that you
don't have to use your
own power to help,
it can be from
healthy boundaries.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>SLATTER: All right.
Then we come up to the lungs.
OK?
Lungs hold grief is a big
one that the lungs will hold,
but also it's about
your ability to take
in a deep breath of life.
All right?
And if you are holding
back and feeling like,
I'm now afraid of life
and I can only breathe--
>>REGINA: Fear is
really big when
it comes to something
like a pandemic,
and the lungs in a lot of the
people are being affected.
>>SLATTER: I'm scared to
take a deep breath of life.
I don't know if I can trust it.
And so the lungs
become affected.
So take things that will
affect and heal the lungs
and support the lungs
on a physical level,
but also meditate and
think about, wait a minute.
Can I trust life?
A very interesting study
that I read one time
is about how people heal.
And one of the things
that is a determinant
is, do they consider god, the
universe, and life benevolent,
or is it waiting to judge
you and condemn you?
The difference of that
makes all the difference
in our ability to heal.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SLATTER: It's,
can we trust life?
Can we take a deep breath of it?
>>REGINA: And one of the
things that has gone around
in terms of information that
no one seems to disagree with
is the power of using deep
breathing exercises if one even
becomes ill.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: And how
that can actually
start correcting the
lung condition, where
putting someone on a ventilator
with cement in their lungs
is not helping.
That does not appear
to be helping.
But to do deep breathing to
the best of one's ability,
but look what that does.
We use deep breathing
to stop everything,
to let our entire being
inhale, exhale, and relax.
It's also our connection
with our higher self.
So this has a kind of a
multidimensional effect
when we take time, as you say,
to take a deep breath of life.
Consciously deep breathe.
Hold it in.
Use whatever method you want.
>>SLATTER: And
realize, oh my gosh.
I'm still alive.
I can trust.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
[LAUGH]
And you notice fear.
You can't do deep breathing
and hold fear at the same time.
So that fear you're
talking about,
about lungs and people
fearing for their lungs
and their health and so
forth, it all goes together.
It's multidimensional in nature.
So go ahead.
We've got more organs.
>>SLATTER: We've
got more organs.
So then we come to the kidneys.
Kidneys, fascinating.
Kidneys in Chinese
philosophy is your reservoir
of life force energy.
It's like you're born
with this reservoir.
And as you go
through life, you're
continuing to use
your reservoir,
and you get to the end of your
life, your reservoir is empty.
>>REGINA: Your kidneys
aren't working well.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: And that's the
most common cause of death
on a death certificate.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
you're dehydrated when
you're old and ready to go.
You're not even
taking fluids in.
>>SLATTER: Right.
Well, when the kidneys
get out of balance,
one of the things that
you can see is paranoia.
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
And that is rife.
The planet's rife with it.
>>SLATTER: It goes
into paranoia.
Oh, in a way that is--
>>REGINA: Fascinating.
That's fascinating.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
In a way that anybody
listening to a person says,
are you a little bit off?
>>REGINA: Oh, we have all
kinds of that going on.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
[LAUGH]
Yeah.
Bladder.
If you feel pissed
off and irritable--
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Having an
irritable bladder.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Yeah, that's your bladder.
And then we'll finally
get to your heart.
And the heart is the emperor.
The emperor is asking,
how are you circulating
all this information and
recognizing and empowering
yourself with choice?
What are your choices?
How are you choosing?
Are you choosing
to stay and love?
to come from fear?
What is your choice?
Ultimately, that
comes from your heart,
because your heart
decides, where is all
this going to be circulating?
So if you can pay attention
to those symptoms,
you can see where this
bombardment of information
is affecting you and what you
need to support in the body.
>>REGINA: Jean, that's
absolutely beautiful and wise,
and also very useful.
I think most people hearing you
can understand the truth in it.
But also, you can
immediately, as soon
as everybody's
done watching this,
can stop and say,
where have I been
experiencing this in my body?
I mean, you were having
the liver impacted.
And I'm seeing here,
I would wake up
and I would be overwhelmed
kind of with the field--
it wasn't even a thought.
It was just kind of
literally feeling
like in that vulnerable
time, in the wee
hours when the veils are thin
you where you're connecting
into the quantum field of
information and energy,
I would just find kind of
waves of nausea going over me,
thinking, I don't have nausea
in the middle of the night ever.
So in your language,
what is that expressing.
>>SLATTER: That's your stomach.
I can't stomach this.
I can't digest it.
I can't take it in.
I'm sensitive to all this.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Because it didn't
even have content.
It's just the
energy itself even.
And that's helpful.
Thank you.
[LAUGH]
And then I'm going
to ask about a couple
of little glands that sit
there, because they're
very much engaged at
this time, and those
are the adrenal glands.
Sit on top of the kidneys.
>>SLATTER: Yes, they do.
>>REGINA: Now they're very
hugely impacted by fear.
>>SLATTER: Yes, they are.
So when fear is heightened, you
are drawing from that kidney
reservoir at a rapid pace.
And you want to do things then
that replenish that reservoir.
So at the same time
that you're recognizing,
oh my god, I'm being--
[RAPID BREATHING]
--I'm hyper and
this energy is just
being drawn from me,
find a way to get some
of that reservoir replenished
by going outside, being
in sunlight, grounding
yourself, putting
your bare feet on the Earth,
sitting next to a stream,
letting that chi feed you
and replenish that kidney
reservoir.
[SIGH]
>>REGINA: I'm so happy
we went through this.
Now when you're
working with people,
you use kind of subtle things.
You use homeopathics, flower
essences, vitamins and minerals
and things.
But things that
are of nature that
are vibrating at a natural
frequency range, right?
Instead of these
unnatural frequency ranges
that often come in the form of
pharmaceuticals, for example.
And also come in the
form of-- a lot of people
are picking up addictions.
Really, really driving
down the rabbit
hole in addictions right now.
Left home, frightened, not
enough to do, maybe isolated.
Lot of alcohol is flying
out the store shops.
I mean, the shelves are
empty in some places.
Drugs.
As you already
said, carbohydrates.
Women tend to go to the
carbohydrates, you know?
So let's talk about
addictive patterns
and how we start unraveling
that truth in ourselves
about these compulsive
behaviors right now.
>>SLATTER: Well, you know
that we have subtle bodies.
So think of that like
octaves on a piano.
The octaves have the same notes,
but you have the lower octave,
then the next octave
up, the next octave up.
Same notes, but a
higher frequency.
The same is with
our subtle bodies.
We have our physical body,
which is the lowest octave.
And it's because it's
so low we actually
have a physical appearance.
But then from that
comes the etheric body,
the emotional body, the mental
body, and the spiritual body.
So then the question
becomes, where is the injury?
Where is the-- where we would--
>>REGINA: Where's the pain
happening, the suffering?
>>SLATTER: Yes, yes.
So on the physical level, you
deal with physical things.
Everything affects
everything, of course.
But the closer that you can
get to where it's originating,
the more direct
healing you can have.
So the lowest octave,
the physical octave,
you want to deal
with physical things.
The next body up, the
etheric body, that frequency
is matched by homeopathics.
The next frequency up,
the emotional body,
the match of frequency for
that is flower essences.
And I'm not talking
about essential oils.
>>REGINA: That's the emotional
one that you're talking about.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, I'm not
talking about essential oils.
I'm talking about flower
essences like the Bach Flower
remedies.
And there's a slew more of them.
Not just the Bach
Flower remedies.
But they all specifically
deal with emotional issues.
So if you have a cut
in the emotional field,
deal with it there with
an emotional remedy,
because taking a physical remedy
for that is a long way around.
Then you get to
the mental field.
What heals the mental
field is light and color.
Get outside when
you feel depressed.
You know?
That's where seasonal
affective disorder comes from.
So get outside.
Be in the sunshine.
>>REGINA: Be out with the
greenery, the blossoms.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Bring in that depth of
color, because that's going
to heal your mental field.
And finally, the
spiritual field.
What heals that is sound.
Music lifts the soul.
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Well, and we
have a mutual friend who
is one of the people-- well,
I interviewed not long ago,
Gail Lynn.
And she does the
harmonic egg, which
is light, sound, and color.
And so these
frequencies combined.
And this is right now,
people are flocking to this,
and they don't even
understand why.
They're going-- wherever they
can find one of these chambers,
they're going to it.
Because this is a
spiritual crisis.
We chose to incarnate
at this period of time,
yet everything is
feeling so horrible.
And so they're getting
great relief by doing this.
You can go out in
nature, as you said.
The natural spectrum
of sunshine alone.
And I want to say
something a little woo woo
about that in a moment.
Sunshine, but also color.
Even it can be at
home if you say,
I've got to change all
the colors in my room.
A lot of people are
painting their walls.
Home Depot, it looks
like Black Friday sale
at Home Depot every day, right?
People are changing
their colors,
they're building things,
they're gardening,
they're getting out in light.
A lot of green.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>SLATTER: --recognize they're
healing the mental field.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So color, absolutely.
And then sound.
And that's very different
for each person.
And so I'm just finding-- it's
interesting, because we've both
talked with her.
And all of the sudden, their
business is just like-- ah!
We're booked every
day, because people
are trying to heal the spirit.
So I just want to share a
little woo woo thing with you.
When I did my first
meditation on this ages ago,
when it very, very first began,
one of the final messages
embedded within it was--
and I said, well, what is one
kind of good source of balance
and healing in this?
They said, well, they-- could
be my higher mind, likely--
look to the sun.
The sun itself is
multidimensional in nature.
You're not just receiving light.
You're receiving a sublime
band of intelligent information
that interfaces
with every living
thing, every cell in
our bodies, everything
that we consume and
view so far as beauty.
It affects everything.
So look to the sun as a
healing companion and friend
and say, show me.
Just show me what I need.
Help me understand what I need.
And flood me with your exquisite
array of knowledge and wisdom
so you can intuitively
know where to go.
So anyway, I just
wanted to share that,
that sometimes we're
missing the most obvious.
There's a reason ancient
cultures, when distressed,
would go into the sun
for healing of all kinds.
>>SLATTER: There's some
cultures that believe
that's Father and Mother Earth.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: So bring in both.
>>REGINA: Lying in the
sand or in the grass
and letting the
Earth support you
from underneath and the sun.
Absolutely.
So anyway, that's my
little piece of it.
So what I want to do is I want
to start talking about some
of the divination-type
of techniques
that anybody can do
anytime, anywhere.
You don't need anything.
OK?
>>SLATTER: OK.
>>REGINA: So we can ascertain,
what level am I freaked out on?
>>SLATTER: Right.
So I want to make
sure that I don't
get people running
with this information
and then get discouraged and--
>>REGINA: We're going to talk
about the loopholes in it, OK?
>>SLATTER: Yeah, the loopholes.
OK.
So if we're going to talk about
the loopholes, let's do that.
I'll show you first
some techniques,
and then we'll-- let's get into
some of the understandings you
have to have about--
>>REGINA: To do it effectively.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
To do it effectively.
Right.
So you know that pendulum
dowsing is my go-to.
Pendulum dowsing and Tarot
cards and divination.
But understand that
when you are beginning,
it's a relationship that you're
building with your higher--
>>REGINA: Higher self.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
It's a relationship.
And some people have the
gift, as I know you do,
and it was just right there
for you and available to you.
And others like myself, it
was a skill I had to develop.
And it wasn't like
playing the piano.
I couldn't sit down and play
Mozart after just five lessons.
No way.
You know?
And don't expect yourself
to be able to do that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: So in the
beginning, be very gentle
with your confidence, and
don't ask these questions
that are so black and white
and that your life is depending
on it.
>>REGINA: You don't want
emotional baggage-laded
questions.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: So some of
the things that you
can do without a pendulum,
without divination tools,
is getting in touch
with how your body feels
about something.
One of the things
that people seem
to gravitate to really
easily and be able to feel,
have a visceral reaction
to it is body dowsing.
And this is where you can take
a supplement, for example,
and say, is this
supplement good for me?
Hold it right next to
your heart right here
and close your eyes while you're
standing, and just feel, are
you gravitating towards
it, saying, I want that?
Or are you being repelled by it?
>>REGINA: Quick tip.
Don't wear heels.
[LAUGH]
You don't go backward right.
You want to be flat-footed.
>>SLATTER: OK.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
And this is something
easy to do when
you're in the grocery store,
when you're in the health food
store.
Is this something I need?
Take it off the shelf.
Hold it right here.
Do you feel yourself
being pulled forward?
being repelled?
You can get down to,
how many do you need?
Let's say your body
goes, oh my gosh.
I love this.
Then you can ask, OK.
How many times a
day do I need it?
One time?
And you still get a yes.
Two times?
Yes.
Three times?
No.
So you can get yes and no's and
get more specific information.
>>REGINA: And it's really
good to start that way
with something like
that, because you
don't have an emotional
charge around it,
so you're not carrying
that weighted belief
system in with you.
So this is a really good way
to start building confidence.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>SLATTER: And the other
fun thing you can do
is do it without looking
at what the supplement is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
You know, you have that
book, the Dale Olson book.
>>SLATTER: Yes, I do.
>>REGINA: Which I
just love, you know?
It's great when you need to
kind of get down to something.
And the way I do it, if I decide
I want to dowse for something
specific, is I close my eyes
or I look the other way,
and I'll use a pendulum.
You know?
And I'll just sit
like this and just
let it go until it seems
to settle in a pattern
and look back.
And then I look.
And it's amazing how
accurate it can be.
I mean, kind of
shockingly so at times.
[LAUGH]
>>SLATTER: And at times you
even want to argue with it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you want
to, but there's no point.
But I mean, I agree with you.
Don't let your mind become
involved, because you already
have perceptions.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SLATTER: Another
thing that you can do
is what I call finger dowsing.
Now one of the things that you
see a lot of other people do
is this O ring thing.
The reason I don't like that
is it requires two hands,
but I'll explain how to do it.
A strong, a yes is where you
can't pull your fingers apart,
and a no is when
it slips through.
And when you're first starting
any kind of dowsing technique
like this, you have
to realize, you
have to train your
body to do this, OK?
>>REGINA: Otherwise, if
you're holding too tight,
you're never going to--
it'll never give way.
>>SLATTER: It's
like, do you expect
to just sit down at the piano
and let your fingers just
do it?
They're not going to.
You have to train your fingers.
In the same way, you
have to tell the body,
this is what I want
to see for a yes.
This is what I want
to see for a no.
All right?
And train the body, and get
it to where it feels like, OK.
That feels so natural
to me now that it's
on a subconscious level.
And then finally, then you can
start asking your questions.
But the reason I
don't like this one
is because it takes
two hands to do it.
My preferred way
is finger dowsing
where you put one finger on
top of the other like this.
And when it's a
yes, it's strong.
It holds like this.
When it's a no, it slips off.
>>REGINA: You know, that's
the one I've never tried.
I've never tried finger
dowsing that way.
So if you want to just
get a basic yes or no, you
can ask something like,
is my name Regina?
Or is my name Waldorf
or whatever, right?
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: And you can use your
dominant hand or non-dominant
hand?
>>SLATTER: I use my right hand.
Yeah, my dominant.
>>REGINA: Dominant hand.
OK.
So it seems strong enough.
I'm asking if my name's Regina.
Now what should I ask myself?
Is there something--
well, Waldo.
Is my name Waldo?
Oh, I see what you're saying.
>>SLATTER: Now-- OK.
So you're using it where
it actually goes down.
But again, you're
the programmer.
You get to tell it.
But I use it where it slips off.
>>REGINA: Oh, yours slips off.
It'll go off of it.
>>SLATTER: Like it can't hold.
>>REGINA: And I'm having
mine right over it.
>>SLATTER: Go down.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Go down.
OK.
>>SLATTER: It's however you--
>>REGINA: However
you want to do it.
So if it just automatically
slips off, that's your no?
>>SLATTER: That's my no.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SLATTER: This is effective
when you're driving.
[LAUGH]
Because here you are,
you're driving down the road
and you have this question.
Oh my god, I've got to
ask my higher guidance.
But you can't take
out a pendulum.
So here, you can use your--
you can keep one hand
on the steering wheel
and start to dowse
with the other one,
and it works beautifully.
>>REGINA: And you can also do
it with nobody staring at you.
Because I've done the
other one before like
in a health food store about
a supplement, standing there.
Kind of close your
eyes for a minute.
It's like, what are they doing?
And you don't want to take
a pendulum out, you know?
So that one's much more subtle.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
I used that one time when I
was on a walk with a friend.
And she was saying,
I just don't get
what's going on with my mom.
She is driving me nuts.
She's calling me
every single day.
And I don't know what
it is she wants from me.
So as you're walking again,
when you're using a pendulum,
you'd have to stop,
take out your pendulum.
You can't walk at the
same time and do it.
But with this
finger dowsing, you
can easily keep
walking and dowse.
So that's what I did.
I said, OK.
Well, let's find out what it
is she truly wants from you.
Long story short, what she
wanted from her daughter
more than anything
was to be needed.
Her daughter, on the
other hand, wanted her mom
to be proud of her.
And so she kept saying,
I don't need you, Mom.
[LAUGH]
It's like, Mom, I don't
need you to do that for me.
I can take care of myself.
You know?
And she was telling
her mom the exact thing
she didn't want to hear, which
was intensifying her need
to be needed.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: So once she
understood that, then she
changed how she
conversed with her mom,
and she instead said,
Mom, I need you to do this
and to do that.
After that, what a difference
in their relationship.
But that all came from a
simple walk and finger dowsing.
>>REGINA: I love it.
OK.
So let's talk about
the other side,
which is the side where people
start feeling like they're
a failure because
they feel like they're
getting inaccurate information.
This is a big one.
We've got a subconscious.
We've got a ton of beliefs.
We have a ton of expectations.
All of these interfere
with the clarity
of the answer that should be
coming from higher source.
>>SLATTER: Right.
Right.
OK.
So this whole conversation
has been about truth.
There's something really
important to understand
about how the universe speaks to
you and this concept of truth.
You might want to rethink it.
[LAUGH]
Instead, understand that
your life is a journey,
and you are given the
information you need in order
to take the next step.
Don't think of it so
much as the truth,
but rather, just what you
need to take the next step.
>>REGINA: This is critical.
>>SLATTER: This is credit.
>>REGINA: And
sometimes you think,
my higher guidance lied to me.
No, it didn't lie to you.
It told you what you needed
to do the next thing.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: Which if you're
given this goal over here
and there are several
steps to get there,
you can sabotage yourself
at any point along the way.
So continue.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
One of my clients, a young
gal, called me one day
and said, Jean, I'm so
in love with this guy.
Is he the one?
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Pretty common one.
>>SLATTER: Right.
Right.
And guidance said, no.
This is not the one.
In fact, you're not
going to meet the one
until about three years.
But you're waiting
for him to grow up.
You know?
You don't want him now.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SLATTER: But in three
years, he will be the one.
Well, she's so in love with him.
You know, she said, oh, I
can't break up with this guy.
I'm just having
such a great time,
but it saddens me to
know he's not the one.
Well, almost three
years goes by.
And during that time,
or about that time,
she met someone else.
And thought to herself,
is this the one?
And this other person
so intrigued her
that she was willing to let
go of that first relationship.
And actually, they broke up,
and he went back to his house,
and she started a relationship
with this new person.
And yet, that
didn't go very far.
Well, meanwhile,
what was happening
with this guy is when he
was told that this is over,
he went back home
and he grew up.
In a way--
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I have the chills.
>>SLATTER: He grew up.
And he came back and literally
swept her off her feet
and said, you are
the one for me.
We're getting married.
And that was it.
She dumped the other guy,
and they got married.
Right at the three-year mark.
But she was waiting for him--
>>REGINA: To grow up.
Yeah.
>>SLATTER: Now if she had been
told right in the beginning,
yes, this is the one,
then that whole experience
wouldn't have happened.
>>REGINA: He wouldn't
have been rejected,
forcing him to go deeper,
forcing him to grow up.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Exactly.
That's a perfect example.
So don't take truth as absolute.
Take it as the thing that
you need in this moment.
But you still have to get
clear enough to even hear
that truth in the moment.
So how do you get
past all the filters
when you begin dowsing
when you're scared?
When you are attached
to the outcomes?
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Well, the first thing is
to remember that you're not
separated from
yourself, so emotions
are going to play a role.
It's really hard to get
past your own filters.
And if you haven't developed
this relationship yet
and you really haven't discerned
how your guidance speaks
to you, then like I said, don't
bet the family farm on it.
>>REGINA: Don't ask
the big ones just yet.
>>SLATTER: Don't
ask the big ones.
So that's the main
thing, is just
to build this relationship.
Build it.
Now we all do this.
Emotions and being
attached to the answer.
Boy, oh boy, have I ever
learned the hard way
on some of those issues.
I had a friend that
wanted to be pregnant.
And what she would do-- believe
it or not, I fell into this,
and I should've never
allowed this to happen.
But she would call me every
month after that period of time
when she could
conceive happened.
And she'd call me every month.
Jean, did it happen?
Did I conceive?
[LAUGH]
And I would dowse it--
>>REGINA: Just wait a few weeks.
You'll know.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
And I would dowse it,
and I would say no, no.
And every month
this was happening.
And I was--
>>REGINA: Now you're
getting swept up in it.
>>SLATTER: I was.
And I wanted so badly
for her to be pregnant
that one time when she
called I said, yes.
Yes, it's true.
You're pregnant.
And she wasn't.
And I just felt--
I thought, OK.
Never again am I
going to do something
where I can feel I am
very emotionally attached
to the answer.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SLATTER: OK?
>>REGINA: OK, I want to bring
something else up that's
kind of interesting.
Kind of going back to this
whole notion of the planet
is experiencing this
pandemic, right?
This is what Rudolf
Steiner stated
at the turn of the last century.
I've reduced it a little
bit to the nut of it.
He believed disease
was a teacher
and predicted that vaccines
would come in the future
and would have the
effect of cutting us off
from our spiritual
impulses and information,
forcing us into the
world of materialism.
By forcing these
elements into our body
to spike an immune
response, it would subvert
our body's own intelligence.
How does that strike you?
I mean, it's just such
a profound statement.
Well, he was one of the great
geniuses of the last two
centuries.
I mean, an unsung
hero if there was one.
What does that-- what
kind of truth do you
get out of that, or not?
>>SLATTER: I think
it is true, but I
think that's why it's even
more essential that we practice
and have the discipline to
connect in with our own higher
guidance on a continual basis.
And keep that voice alive,
keep our awareness alive,
keep tuning to it so
that we can discern
where our information
is coming from,
and keep it alive and well.
You know, the truth of
who you are as a spiritual
being is alive and
well, and it is there.
But we just ignore it or
bypass it or can't see it.
Absolutely can't see
it, and for the reason
that he's talking about.
But if you continue
a practice, if you
continue that
discipline, then you
will keep it front and center.
And that's why
it's so important.
>>REGINA: Right
now, I don't think
it's ever been so important
or ever been this important.
I mean, it's always
been important.
But now, because of the field
of kind of such conflicted field
of information that's out
there in the unified field
of consciousness, it's all
a jumble with our thoughts
and our fears, and so forth.
That's why I was so happy
to have you on right now,
to start getting straight on
how we start tapping in again.
And I love the fact that
you talked about the organs,
beginning to use our body
as our dowsing device
to really feel where the
dysfunction is happening.
Loved it.
And just in
finishing, can people
go to-- is it
creativemystic.org?
Or dot com?
>>SLATTER: Yes,
creativemystic.com.
But they can also go
to jeanslatter.com.
Slatter's with two Ts.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
Yeah.
Because what you do is you
teach these ongoing courses
for people who don't consider
themselves intuitive, per se.
But for various
reasons-- some of them
are life coaches or health
practitioners or just
people who want to start
being able to ascertain more
accurately what the truth is.
And again, truth is
a relative thing.
But the truth they
need in that moment
is for either themselves
or that client.
So you teach what--
>>SLATTER: I have two
certification courses.
One's Creative Mystic Intuitive.
And then if they
desire, they can go on
to become a higher
guidance life coach.
And both of them, what draws
people to those courses
is a deep desire within
them to know who they are
and how they express
their energy.
All roads lead to that.
And our soul is urging us
to discover who we truly
are so that we're totally
present in every moment
of our lives.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And we have to know that
higher guidance is always
whispering to us, beckoning us
to pay attention, be subtle.
Don't get attached.
Don't be fearful.
It'll never fail us.
So Jean, I want to thank you
so much for taking the time.
I love what you
had to say today.
I find it very useful.
>>SLATTER: Thank you.
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: For more, you can
go to creativemystic.com as we
just spoke of a moment ago.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]